A system must be specified for the automated purchase of train tickets from a ticket distributor.
It is possible for the traveller to buy single or return tickets to available destinations, as well
as weekly and monthly season tickets. The traveller will interact with the machine to specify
ticket type, select destination, select payment mode (cash or credit card). A ticket purchase
transaction may fail for various reasons: the distributor is out of change, out of ticket paper,
credit card fails to validate, etc.

Write use cases for:
1. BuyOneWayTicket,
2. Cash
3. DistributorOutOfChange

1. Use case name: Buy One Way Ticket
   Scope: Ticket Distributor
   Primary Actor: Traveller
   Stakeholders: Traveller, payment provider, ticket distributor, ticket database
   Preconditions: Traveller has to start a session, sees the main menu options
   Main success scenario:
       1. Traveller selects the single ticket option on the screen.
       2. Traveller selects the destination.
       3. Traveller selects the payment method.
      if credit card then:
       4. Traveller selects the payment provider.
       5. Price including fees is calculated and displayed.
       6. Traveller confirms the purchase.
       7. Machine asks the traveller to insert their card. [InvalidCard]
       8. Payment provider successfully verifies the card. [InvalidPIN]
       9. Payment is approved.
       10. Payment provider processes the payment.
       11. Ticket distributor's database is updated.
       12. Success message is displayed.
       13. Ticket is printed.
       14. Machine goes to the main menu.
      if cash then:
       15. Machine asks the traveller to insert cash [Cash]
   Extensions: Traveller pays in cash
               Distributor out of change
               Traveller doesn't have enough money on card
               Machine out of ticket paper
               Invalid card
               Invalid card PIN

2. Use case name: Cash Payment
   Scope: Ticket Distributor
   Primary Actor: Traveller
   Stakeholders: Traveller, ticket distributor, ticket database
   Preconditions: Machine displays "Please insert cash" screen
   Main success scenario:
       1. Traveller selects the single ticket option on the screen.
       2. Traveller selects the destination.
       3. Traveller selects the cash payment method.
       4. Price including fees is calculated and displayed.
       5. Traveller confirms the purchase.
       6. Machine asks the traveller to insert the cash and coins. [InvalidCash]
       7. Machine displays the amount left
       8. Payment is approved.
       9. Ticket distributor's database is updated.
       11. Success message is displayed.
       12. Ticket is printed.
       13. Machine goes to the main menu.
   Extensions: Traveller cancels cash payment
               Distributor out of change
               Machine out of ticket paper
               Cash is returned and transaction is aborted

3. Use case name: Distributor out of change
   Scope: Ticket Distributor
   Primary Actor: Traveller
   Stakeholders: Traveller, ticket distributor, ticket database
   Preconditions: Traveller selects the pay with cash option
   Main success scenario:
       1. An error message is displayed.
       2. Cash inserted is returned.
       3. Machine returns to the payment menu.
   Extensions: Cash inserted can't be accepted